G-MAIL, BEER ME!
(whispers) SHH.
(lowered voice) MNH.
WE'RE TRYING
TO GET MY DAUGHTER TO NAP.
(mouths word)
ANDY, STOP THAT TOAST!
(gasps)
(clink)
(lowered voice) OHH. OW.
CLOSE YOUR EYES.
♪ TWINKLE, TWINKLE,
LITTLE STAR ♪
(all, lowered voices)
♪ HOW I WONDER WHAT YOU ARE ♪
♪ UP ABOVE THE WORLD SO HIGH ♪
♪ LIKE A DIAMOND IN THE SKY ♪
♪ TWINKLE, TWINKLE,
LITTLE STAR ♪
♪ HOW I WONDER WHAT YOU ARE ♪
(gasps, lowered voice)
WE DID IT.
(cheering)
FACE!
(Tampa cries)
(chuckles) WE'RE DUMB.
♪♪♪
(whispers indistinctly)
(door closes)
HEY, DIME EYES.
YOUR BABY MAMA JUST PULLED UP.
WHY IS DUMMY LATE THIS TIME?
MAYBE HOLLY FORGOT
SHE HAD A BABY.
(coos)
SHE'S NOT THAT RIDICULOUS.
(door closes)
HEY, YOU GUYS.
I'M SORRY I'M LATE,
BUT I WAS DRIVING IN
TO THE BOOB DOCTOR,
'CAUSE, UM, I'M THINKING
ABOUT GOING A LITTLE BIGGER.
ACTUALLY,
MAYBE A LITTLE BIT SMALLER.
(chuckles) I DON'T REALLY CARE.
I JUST NEED A CHANGE...
(laughs) AND I FORGOT
I HAVE THIS BABY.
GRAYSON--
IN YOUR FACE!
I WAS GONNA SAY "IN YOUR FACE."
YOU JUST STOLE MY THUNDER!
YOU'RE A THUNDER STEALER!
THAT'S MY INDIAN NAME.
YOU DO IT AGAIN,
AND WE'RE GOING TO THERAPY.
PLEASE DON'T MAKE ME.
YOU TAKE YOUR FRIENDS
TO THERAPY?
YEAH, IF THEY ANNOY ME.
SO IF TAMPA EVER HAD
A LITTLE BREAK FROM REALITY...
(chuckles) LIKE HER MAMA DID
THAT ONE TIME,
YOU GUYS COULD HELP?
WE WOULD DO ANYTHING,
WHETHER SHE NEEDED OUR TIME
OR OUR MONEY OR...
WHOA. DID YOU JUST SAY...
(chuckles) "OUR MONEY"?
(chuckles) YEAH. WHY?
(chuckling) OH.
OH, NO. PLEASE. PLEASE DON'T--
DON'T MAKE ME GO THERE.
WHY SHOULD I PAY
FOR HIS MISTAKE?
OOH. DON'T YOU THINK
IT'S A SKOSH HURTFUL
TO REFER TO HIS CHILD
AS A "MISTAKE"?
WHAT IF I CALLED HER
A "WHOOPSIE"?
(chuckles) I'LL ALLOW IT.
OKAY, THANKS. (chuckles)
GOOD. YOU ARE
SETTING ASIDE EGOISM
TO RESOLVE A SOURCE
OF DISSONANCE.
DON'T BIG-WORD ME, LYNN.
NO, IT WAS A COMPLIMENT.
I DON'T CARE.
I-I DON'T EITHER.
WE'RE GETTING MARRIED.
I THOUGHT WE'D COMBINE
OUR FINANCES.
SO YOU WANT TO HELP PAY
FOR TRAVIS'S COLLEGE? (chuckles)
SURE. YEAH, EVEN IF
HE GOES TO MED SCHOOL.
WOW.
SO YOU THINK BOBBY AND I COULD
PRODUCE A DOCTOR, HUH?
(both laughing)
BOBBY'S LITERALLY NEVER READ
A BOOK,
AND YESTERDAY I GOT
MY HAND STUCK
IN THE BOTTOM
OF A HONEY-ROASTED PEANUT JAR.
THE SALT AND THE SUGAR
AT THE BOTTOM IS LIKE HEROIN.
LOOK, MONEY IS A HUGE SOURCE
OF CONFLICT IN ANY MARRIAGE.
I MEAN, EVEN WITH MY REGGIE,
MAY HE REST IN PEACE,
UH, MOST OF OUR ARGUMENTS
WERE ABOUT MONEY...
AND HIS PROSTITUTE PROBLEMS,
BUT... (sighs)
ANY GOOD RELATIONSHIP REQUIRES
SHARING EVERYTHING...
(coughs) EVEN S.T.D.s,
BUT ALSO MONEY.
GRAYSON'S RIGHT.
(laughs) OH, YES!
(laughs)
IF YOU WEREN'T MY THERAPIST,
WE WOULD SO BE GOING
TO THERAPY.
(both yawn)
WHERE'S THE COFFEE GRINDER?
UNDER THE SINK.
DO YOU KNOW WHERE STAN IS?
NO, BUT I THINK IT'S GOOD
THAT NEITHER OF US KNOWS.
OH, I REMEMBER
WHERE I PUT HIM.
BOO!
AAH!
(both laugh)
STAN THE MAN!
(grunts) BAM!
BOOM! GIVE ME SOME, BUDDY.
(strained voice) OHH!
(coughs) OHH. CLASSIC.
WHY DO YOU ALWAYS MESS
WITH PEOPLE?
THAT'S HOW I SHOW LOVE.
BUT YOU NEVER SCREW
WITH BOBBY,
AND I KNOW YOU TWO LOVE
EACH OTHER,
BECAUSE HIS HAND
IS IN YOUR BACK POCKET.
JUST GRABBING SOME GUM.
OH.
WHY DO YOU LEAVE HIM ALONE?
(gasps) OH.
IT'S BECAUSE YOU THINK
HE CAN'T TAKE IT.
OH, IS THAT TRUE, BUDDY?
UH... (sighs) HAPPY?
MM-HMM.
(chuckles)
I AM COMING FOR YOU.
HERE IS YOUR DOUBLE CHOCOLATE
FUDGE CAKE, CINDY.
HAVE A GREAT PARTY.
(mouths word)
THERE IS NO PARTY.
SHE'S SINGLE,
AND IT'S FRIDAY.
CINDY MAKES ME SAD.
WHO CARES?
MY CAKE BUSINESS IS ON...
(high-pitched voice) FIRE!
I'M PICKING MY CLASSES
FOR NEXT SEMESTER.
SHOULD I GO
WITH ALL PHOTOGRAPHY COURSES
OR THROW IN A CLASS
IN SOME PROFESSION THAT
ACTUALLY MAKES MONEY,
IN CASE I EVER WANT
TO, YOU KNOW, EAT?
DO YOU REMEMBER
MY LIFE PHILOSOPHY?
DON'T GET HAMMERED
AT BRUNCH?
THE ONE AFTER THAT.
YOU GOTTA SHAKE IT
TILL YOU MAKE IT?
IT TURNS OUT,
THAT ONE IS ONLY REALLY GOOD
FOR DANCE-OFFS OR COCKTAILS.
OKAY, NEW LIFE PHILOSOPHY--
NOTHING EVER WORKS OUT
UNLESS YOU ARE IN...
(deep voice) 100%.
(cell phone alert chimes)
(sighs) OH, MY GOD.
I'M LATE FOR MY REAL JOB.
OKAY, EXCUSE ME!
UHH!
AAH!
(purse thuds)
(grunts)
(panting)
WELL, GOOD-BYE TO YOU, SIR,
AND THANK YOU FOR CALLING
WITH YOUR VERY IMPORTANT
REAL ESTATE QUESTION.
WHY ARE YOU SO WINDED?
I WAS JUST PUTTING
ON MY LIPSTICK.
I HAVE TO HOLD MY BREATH
TO DO IT.
(inhales deeply) MM.
THAT'S A PRETTY SHADE.
IS THAT SO PEOPLE ON THE MOON
KNOW YOU'RE TACKY?
UGH.
UH, I JUST CAN'T WRAP
MY HEAD AROUND
THIS WHOLE
"OUR MONEY" THING.
THE DAY I FOUND OUT
ANDY AND I WERE SHARING MONEY,
I QUIT MY JOB, GOT A BIG TV,
AND BOUGHT MYSELF
TEN PAIRS OF SWEATPANTS.
NEVER LOOKED BACK.
BUT YOU WEREN'T MARRIED
TO A FINANCIAL BLACK HOLE.
I MEAN, IT TOOK ME FOREVER
TO GET OUT OF DEBT,
AND NOW I HAVE
A VERY SUCCESSFUL BUSINESS.
OH, BY THE WAYANS BROTHERS,
MY PAYCHECK BOUNCED.
OH, WELL, JUST GIVE IT A WEEK.
IT'LL CLEAR. (chuckles)
OR... YOU COULD
PAY HER NOW.
WAIT.
DID YOU JUST REALIZE SOMETHING
THAT I SHOULD HAVE REALIZED?
OKAY, DON'T TELL ME!
UM, LEAD ME THERE.
OKAY. WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM?
I HAVE
A URINARY TRACT INFECTION.
NO, THE ONE WE JUST
TALKED ABOUT.
I CAN'T PAY LAURIE.
SO NOW WHY ARE YOU MAD
AT GRAYSON?
BECAUSE HE GAVE ME
THE U.T.I.
NO!
UH, BECAUSE HE WANTS
TO COMBINE FINANCES.
YOU GOT IT! LET'S GO!
OH, THIS IS EXCITING.
WHERE ARE WE GOING?
NO CLUE.
SHH.
(lowered voice)
ELLIE'S JUST JEALOUS.
SHE THINKS I CARE ABOUT YOU
MORE THAN HER.
DO YOU?
YES. IT'S NOT EVEN CLOSE.
THAT'S WHY I NEVER MESS
WITH YOU.
OH, THANKS, MAN.
I FEEL MUCH BETTER.
OOH, WHAT'S THAT?
IT'S MY SELF-GENERATING
WATER BOTTLE.
YOU JUST LEAVE IT
IN THE SUN,
AND THE TINY MOTOR FUSES
OXYGEN AND HYDROGEN.
IT BASICALLY PULLS WATER OUT
OF THE AIR AND FILLS ITSELF UP.
YOU WANNA TRY IT OUT?
COULD I?
OOH, CHECK IT!
ANDY LENT ME HIS
SELF-GENERATIN' WATER BOTTLE.
FANTASTIC. AH.
I DON'T FEEL GOOD
ABOUT THIS.
YOU'VE NEVER BEEN SEXIER.
(whispers)
SHIRTS OFF TONIGHT.
OH.
(sighs)
WHY ARE YOU ROBBING ME?
WELL, I OWE LAURIE MONEY
FOR WORK,
SO I THOUGHT I WOULD PAY HER
WITH OUR MONEY.
THANK YOU...
(chuckles)
AND I... WOULD LIKE TO BUY
THIS BURGER.
OH, MY GOD. NOW I UNDERSTAND
HOW THE ECONOMY WORKS.
PROUD OF YOURSELF?
YOU'RE THE ONE WHO WANTED
TO POOL OUR MONEY...
(chuckles) SO--
IN YOUR FACE!
THUNDER STEALER.
(sighs) I WARNED YOU.
NO, PLEASE DON'T.
SO, ELLIE, HOW LONG HAVE YOU
BEEN A THUNDER STEALER?
IT ALL STARTED ABOUT...
15 YEARS AGO.
OH... (scoffs) BROTHER.
OKAY. YOU KNOW, IT'S SMART
THAT YOU GUYS ARE TAKING
A LOOK AT YOUR FINANCES.
GRAYSON,
YOUR BAR IS BREAKING EVEN,
BUT YOU'RE NOT PUTTING
ANY MONEY AWAY.
NOPE. 4-DAY WORKWEEKS,
FREE DRINKS--
LIVIN' THE DREAM.
WHAT'S UP?
NO, THANKS. (chuckles)
IT HAPPENED AGAIN,
DIDN'T IT?
(sighs) WELL, I JUST SHOULDN'T
KEEP HONEY-ROASTED PEANUTS HERE.
OKAY, PRESSING ON.
JULES, YOU'RE DOING
ACTUALLY OKAY.
THE RENT ON THIS PLACE
IS SO HIGH.
DO YOU HAVE TO STAY
IN THE PLAZA?
YEAH. MY BUSINESS IS ALL
ABOUT FOOT TRAFFIC.
REALLY?
NO, BUT IN THE AFTERNOON,
WHEN THE SUN HITS MY DESK
JUST RIGHT,
ALL MY NECK ISSUES DISAPPEAR.
(clicks tongue and pops lips)
THIS NEXT CUT IS A BIT PAINFUL,
BUT ELLIE SAID I HAVE
TO TELL YOU.
YOU PROBABLY DON'T NEED
AN ASSISTANT.
LAURIE, ANDY WANTS
TO FIRE YOU!
SERIOUSLY, ANDY?!
ELLIE SAID!
I'M NOT SAYING WHEN,
BUT YOU'RE GETTING A DEAD ARM.
NOW I HAVE TO...
(cell phone alert chimes)
GO DO SOME WORK THING.
I DON'T WANT A DEAD ARM.
LOOK, ALL THIS FINANCIAL STRESS
DISAPPEARS ONCE YOU GUYS
GET MARRIED.
OBVIOUSLY, YOU'RE GONNA SELL
ONE OF YOUR HOUSES
AND LIVE TOGETHER.
LIVE TOGETHER?
LIKE, ALL THE TIME
TOGETHER?
GOOD LUCK WITH YOUR FUTURE.
(cell phone alert chimes)
I HAVE CAKE ORDERS
COMING IN,
BUT I HAVE TO GO BACK
TO MY REAL JOB.
UGH. I WISH THERE WAS MORE
THAN ONE OF ME,
AND NOT JUST
FOR THE SEX STUFF.
I WONDER IF ANY OF THESE RANDOS
WOULD WANT TO HELP ME OUT.
WELL, YOU KNOW, IF THERE IS
ONE THING PEOPLE LOVE...
(sighs)
IT'S WORKING FOR FREE.
I DON'T KNOW.
HAPPY PEOPLE GET
THEIR COFFEE TO GO.
(lowered voice) THE ONES
THAT ACTUALLY SIT DOWN
ARE THE LOST SOULS.
THEY'RE JUST WAITING,
TRYING TO GET UP ENOUGH COURAGE
TO PULL A TAB OFF
THE "DRUMMER WANTED" SIGN.
(normal voice) NO, DUDE.
YOU'RE NOT WHAT THEY'RE
LOOKING FOR.
(taps beats)
I BET THEY'RE ALL JUST KINDA
DYING FOR SOMETHING TO DO.
(scoffs) YOU REALLY THINK
YOU'RE GONNA GET HELP
FROM A FAILED SCREENWRITER,
A FAILED SCREENWRITER,
AND A FAILED SCREENWRITER?
HEY, TOM. WOULD YOU GO
DELIVER THIS CAKE FOR ME?
YOU WANT ME TO DROP EVERYTHING
AND DRIVE A CAKE ACROSS TOWN?
I DO.
I'M ON IT.
BOOM!
WATER!
WE GOT WATER!
NO WAY!
WHOO! WATER!
HOO-HOO-HOO!
YOGI, HOW'S THAT SELF-GENERATING
WATER BOTTLE TREATING YA?
IT'S AMAZING,
BUT THIS REGULATOR SUCKS.
THIS THING FLOODED MY BOAT.
THAT'LL HAPPEN.
TELL HIM WHY, ANDY.
I DON'T WANNA.
TELL HIM WHY.
THE AMOUNT OF WATER
GENERATED DEPENDS
ON THE HEAT-TO-WIND RATIO.
MM.
DUH. I GET THE "WHYs" OF IT.
I JUST WISH
IT HAD A BETTER REGULATOR.
(laughing)
DON'T YOU LAUGH AT HIM!
DON'T YOU DO IT!
HE'S A BEAUTIFUL PERSON!
SO, LOOK, JULES AND I ARE
HAVING A HARD TIME
DECIDING WHICH HOUSE TO KEEP,
SO WE NEED YOUR HELP.
JUST BE HONEST AND SPEAK
FROM YOUR HEART.
I'LL ALWAYS LOVED
JULES'S HOUSE.
MM.
SHUT UP, ANDY.
HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY.
WOW.
YEAH.
HEY, GUYS.
GIVE HIM A BREAK.
THIS IS REALLY HARD.
WE BOTH HAVE STRONG
EMOTIONAL TIES TO OUR HOUSES.
I MEAN, I RAISED
MY ONLY SON
IN MY BEAUTIFUL
MEDITERRANEAN HOME,
AND WHILE GRAYSON'S HOUSE
DOESN'T SEEM TO GET
ANY NATURAL LIGHT,
HE DID GO THROUGH
A NASTY DIVORCE HERE,
WHICH LED
TO A YEARLONG SKANK PARADE.
NOW I'M NOT TRYING
TO SWAY YOU EITHER WAY,
BUT WHEN YOU GET UP
FROM THAT OTTOMAN,
I'D GO GET
A PREGNANCY TEST.
EW.
IT IS A CUSHIONY PLATFORM
WITH WHEELS.
IT WAS UTILIZED. (chuckles)
(Andy and Bobby chuckle)
WOULD YOU GUYS MIND
IF I MADE THIS ABOUT ME?
WE'D BE SURPRISED
IF YOU DIDN'T.
JULES'S HOUSE IS
RIGHT NEXT TO MINE.
OURS.
(chuckles)
ANYWAY, GRAYSON'S HOUSE IS
AN EXTRA 30 STEPS...
EVERY DAY... FOREVER.
CAN'T DO IT.
I TOLD YOU TO COME UP
WITH AN EMOTIONAL, HEARTFELT
REASON TO PICK MINE.
YOU KNOW, I'M PARTIAL
TO THE LAYOUT OF THIS HOUSE.
YOU KNOW, THE OPEN FLOOR PLAN
HAS A VERY LOGICAL FLOW.
"LOGICAL FLOW"? HMM.
THAT'S HOW YOU TALK NOW?
FINE. GRAYSON BRIBED ME
WITH BEER.
(whispers) OH, GOD.
(clicks tongue)
YOU AREN'T MAD,
ARE YOU, JULES?
WELL, DOC,
I GUESS I'VE BEEN
LETTIN' JULES DOWN
FOR YEARS.
HE REALLY HAS.
UH-HUH.
HEY, STEVE,
DID THOSE EGGS MANAGE
TO ORDER THEMSELVES?
GET ON IT!
IS THIS FOR REAL?
AS REAL AS THE EASTER BUNNY,
EXCEPT REAL.
(cell phone rings)
OH! IT'S SHOWTIME.
HERE YOU GO, BETSY.
KRAZY KAKES.
HOLD FOR MS. KELLER.
(whispers indistinctly)
(clears throat)
THIS IS LAURIE KELLER.
SURE. DONE.
(clatters)
ATTENTION, STAFF.
WE JUST SOLD...
OUR 20th CAKE TODAY!
CONGRATULATIONS, YOU GUYS.
WOW.
SO DRUNK ON POWER.
TRAV, GO FETCH ME A LATTE.
NO.
THANK YOU
FOR KEEPING ME GROUNDED.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE?
SHE'S NOT PAYING YOU.
UH, WE'RE PART
OF SOMETHING HERE, MAN.
I'M TAKING
THIS BAD BOY HIKIN'.
BUT IT'S CRAZY HOT OUT.
AND ALL YOU'RE TAKING
IS THAT EMPTY BOTTLE.
AND THESE PRETZELS.
THERE'S STILL A SIP IN THERE.
THAT THING WORKS BEST
IF IT'S COMPLETELY EMPTY.
ON IT.
I HAVE TO TELL HIM.
BUT IF YOU DO, IT'S LIKE
SAYING HE CAN'T HANDLE IT.
(door closes)
DRY AS A BONE.
YOU KNOW, I USED TO GET MAGIC
AND SCIENCE MIXED UP...
(chuckles) BUT NOW I REALIZE
THEY'RE JUST ONE AND THE SAME.
(laughs)
(strained voice)
HAVE A GOOD HIKE.
YOU BETCHA.
(bag crackles)
JULES, YOU HAVE
A SET SESSION EVERY WEEK.
NO MORE SHOWING UP
WHENEVER YOU WANT.
IT'S OKAY. UH, BAXTER WILL
STILL BE DEAD TOMORROW.
OH, I'M SO SORRY ABOUT
YOUR DOG.
BROTHER.
NICE MEETING YOU.
WE JUST NEED SOME HELP
WITH THIS HOUSE DECISION.
YOU KNOW THE DRILL. (sighs)
LET ME HEAR YOUR "WHAT I WANTS."
WHAT I WANT IS FOR HIM
TO STOP BEING UNREASONABLE.
I WANT HER TO THINK
ABOUT MY NEEDS.
AND I WANT TO KNOW WHERE
YOU GOT THIS LIP BALM.
I WANT TO KNOW--
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
JUST TRYING TO FILL
THE DAY.
CAN WE GET BACK TO MY SESSION?
THIS ISN'T YOUR SESSION.
THAT'S FOR ANOTHER SESSION.
OKAY, I JUST DON'T THINK
WE'RE GONNA AGREE
ON WHICH HOUSE TO SELL,
SO WHAT DO WE DO, FLIP A COIN?
(pursed lips) DEAL. BY THE WAY,
THIS STUFF REALLY IS GREAT.
ALL RIGHT.
HEADS--WE STAY AT MY PLACE.
TAILS--WE LIVE
IN GRAYSON'S CRAP SHACK.
(coin clinks)
JULES, I DON'T THINK
YOU'RE GONNA WANT TO MAKE
SUCH A BIG DECISION
ON A COIN FLIP.
WELL, I-I WANT TO.
THAT'S IT.
I MAKE THE ALL THE COMPROMISES
IN THIS RELATIONSHIP.
I EAT GLUTEN-FREE PASTA,
WHICH TASTES LIKE FARTS.
I STOPPED WEARING
BLAZERS WITH HOODIES.
(laughs)
(laughing)
OH, MY GOD. I'M--I'M SORRY.
PFFT. (chuckles)
I'M SUPPOSED TO BE
IMPARTIAL, BUT COME ON.
I'M KEEPING MY HOUSE.
(pursed lips) FINE!
(normal voice)
THEN I'M KEEPING MY HOUSE!
SO... WHAT ARE WE DOING
WITH THE REST OF MY SESSION?
THIS ISN'T YOUR SESSION.
OH, WOULD YOU STOP IT?
(chuckles)
HEY.
YOU GONNA STAY
OVER THERE TONIGHT?
IT IS SATURDAY.
I MEAN, WE USED TO ALWAYS
STAY HERE ON THE WEEKENDS.
I KNOW.
I REALLY MISS THAT.
YOU WERE THERE LAST NIGHT.
STOP BEING WEIRD. JUST TALK.
DEAD ARM!
OHH!
HE'S TOTALLY RIGHT,
YOU GUYS.
(Andy groaning)
YOUR HOUSE OR MINE?
COME HERE.
WE'LL HAVE SEX FIRST.
YOU HEADED IN?
SURE AM.
OHH.
IT'S BRUTAL. MAKE SURE
YOU'VE GOT A LOT OF WATER.
I'VE GOT AN EXTRA BOTTLE
IF YOU WANT IT.
I'M ALL SET.
BUT... YOU... UM...
(whistles)
(chuckles) OKAY.
I BOUGHT A DEMON MASK
SO I CAN GET REVENGE ON STAN.
I JUST DON'T KNOW IF I SHOULD
WAIT TILL HE FALLS ASLEEP
AND JUMP ON HIS BED
OR JUST THROW HIM
OVER MY SHOULDER
AND RUN OFF INTO THE WOODS
WITH HIM.
HE'S YOUR CHILD.
WELL, HE NEEDS TO LEARN.
I CAN'T DEAL
WITH THIS RIGHT NOW.
HE'S HIKING
IN THE DEVIL'S HOLE.
THAT'S, LIKE, 20 MILES
WITHOUT SHADE.
YOU LET YOUR FRIEND HIKE
DEVIL'S HOLE WITHOUT ANY WATER?
I MEAN, I THOUGHT
YOU CARED ABOUT HIM.
YOU'RE KIDDING, RIGHT?
HE'S FINE.
DON'T YOU THINK HE'S FINE?
(grunts in singsong voice)
WHY WON'T YOU WORK?!
(panting)
HA! WHEW. I'M BACK.
I CAN'T DROP THIS OFF.
THERE'S AN EMERGENCY
AT THE HOSPITAL.
WELL, IT'S PRACTICALLY
ON YOUR WAY.
I'M SORRY.
OHH.
WELL, WITH THAT ATTITUDE,
HE'S NEVER GONNA BE ANYTHING
MORE THAN A DELIVERY BOY.
HE'S A NEUROSURGEON.
MEH. I'LL JUST GET KAREN
TO DO IT. KAREN?
WELL, WAIT. WHAT--
WHERE DID EVERYBODY GO?
TRAVIS! YOU WERE SUPPOSED
TO KEEP THEM HERE.
WHAT I AM SUPPOSED
TO THREATEN THEM WITH?
"YOU'LL NEVER WORK
IN THE VOLUNTEER CAKE-SELLING
BUSINESS AGAIN"? (chuckles)
OH, THIS SUCKS.
I FELT LIKE THIS WAS
BECOMING SOMETHING REAL.
WELL, IT STILL CAN BE.
LOOK AT ALL THESE ORDERS
YOU GOT.
I MEAN, IF YOU REALLY WANT
THIS CAKE BUSINESS SO BADLY,
WHY DON'T YOU ACTUALLY
GO FOR IT?
WHAT, AND QUIT WORKING
FOR YOUR MOM?
TRAVIS, I COULD NEVER LET
HER DOWN LIKE THAT.
WELL, THEN YOU'RE BETRAYING
YOUR OWN LIFE'S PHILOSOPHY.
NEVER FIGHT
SHORT-HAIRED BITCHES?
WHAT?
I CHANGED IT AGAIN.
SOMETHING WENT DOWN EARLIER
IN THE LADIES' ROOM.
LAURIE, YOU SAID IT, OKAY?
NOTHING YOU REALLY WANT IN LIFE
WORKS OUT
UNLESS YOU'RE IN 100%.
I KNOW.
(gasps) SHE'S BACK.
(lowered voice) DON'T LOOK.
DON'T LOOK. DON'T LOOK.
DON'T LOOK OVER THERE.
LOOK AWAY. UH-HUH.
(pants) JULES,
IS--IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
HEY, LYNN.
YOU WANT A GLASS OF WINE?
YOU SAID IT WAS
AN EMERGENCY.
YOU--YOU SAID
GRAYSON HIT YOU.
NO. (chuckles)
I MEANT, HIT ON ME.
(chuckles) I JUST WASN'T
FEELING SEXUAL,
AND YOU KNOW THAT'S
A HOT-BUTTON ISSUE FOR ME.
LOOKS LIKE YOU...
JUST HAD SEX.
OH, WE DID. (chuckles)
WELL, LOOK,
NOW YOU'RE HERE.
LET'S JUST GET INTO IT.
(chuckles)
THE HOUSE ISSUE.
OKAY, I'M--I'M SORRY,
BUT THIS IS NOT OKAY WITH ME.
I AM A PROFESSIONAL...
(whiny voice)
AND THAT'S MY LIP BALM!
I'M YOUR CRAZIEST PATIENT.
YOU CAN RETIRE OFF ME.
YOU HAVE A POINT.
I DID JUST BUY A CATAMARAN...
(chuckles) AND I DON'T EVEN
KNOW HOW TO SAIL.
ALL RIGHT.
(sighs) WHAT DO YOU NEED?
WE NEED A QUICK FIX.
YOU WANT, LIKE, UH,
YOU WANT, LIKE,
AN EASY-OUT KINDA THING,
RIGHT?
YEAH, YEAH, OKAY.
UH, HOW ABOUT THIS?
YOU GUYS AREN'T GETTING MARRIED
FOR A FEW MORE MONTHS.
YOU KNOW,
MAYBE YOU GUYS CAN GET LUCKY
AND IT COULD ALL FALL APART
BEFORE THEN,
SO WHY SELL A HOUSE NOW,
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
TAKE ALL
THOSE HARD DECISIONS
THAT, BY THE WAY,
EVERY COUPLE HAS TO MAKE
AND JUST LET 'EM FESTER INSIDE,
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
JUST--JUST PUT 'EM OFF UNTIL
THE LAST POSSIBLE MOMENT, HUH?
OOH, LET'S DO THAT.
YEAH.
MM.
I-I WAS BEING, UH--
HMM.
YOU'RE GOOD, LYNN...
MM.
BUT IN THE SHORT TERM, WHAT DO
WE DO ABOUT YOUR BUSINESS?
(Joe Gil) ♪ I SPENT.. ♪
I KNOW WHAT I SHOULD DO.
(sighs)
♪ IN YESTERDAY ♪
♪ I GLANCED INSIDE ♪
LAURIE. (sighs)
I NEED TO TALK TO YOU.
I NEED TO TALK TO YOU, TOO.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU HAD
THE PARK RANGER CHECK ON BOBBY.
HE'S LOST
IN THE DEVIL'S HOLE
WITH A WATER BOTTLE
FULL OF LIES.
SO HE GETS
A LITTLE THIRSTY.
WHAT'S THE WORST
THAT CAN HAPPEN?
(siren wailing in distance)
THEY'RE
BRINGING HIM OUT NOW.
BOBBY!
(high-pitched voice) BOBBY!
(gurney rattles)
MAKE IT QUICK.
HE'S SEVERELY DEHYDRATED.
(weakly) THAT'S JUST
A NORMAL WATER BOTTLE, ISN'T IT?
YEAH.
THEN THANKS FOR MESSIN'
WITH ME, BUDDY.
ANYTIME.
YOU MARRIED
TO ONE OF THOSE GUYS?
NO, THEY'RE LOVERS.
♪ I PACKED... ♪
WANNA HAVE DINNER?
NOPE.
♪ PAST ♪
WOW, THIS IS HARD.
IT'S SO HARD.
ALL THESE YEARS
YOU'VE BEEN THERE FOR ME.
I'M SO LUCKY
TO HAVE HAD THAT.
BEFORE I MET YOU,
I HAD NOTHING.
I WAS AS LOST AS SOMEONE
WHO HANGS OUT IN COFFEE SHOPS,
BUT YOU HIRED ME,
AND YOU TAUGHT ME HOW
TO BE RESPONSIBLE
AND HOW TO TAKE CONTROL
OF MY LIFE.
I DIDN'T DO THAT.
YES, YOU DID.
ALL RIGHT.
I DID, BUT YOU LISTENED.
(sighs)
COME HERE.
MM. (sniffles)
GO AHEAD. SAY IT.
NO. YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
TO DO THIS.
I CAN'T DO IT. MNH-MNH.
OKAY, LET'S SAY IT
AT THE SAME TIME.
OKAY.
GO! YOU'RE FIRED.
I QUIT.
♪ NOTHING STAYS THE SAME ♪
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU FIRED ME.
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU QUIT.
BITCH.
♪ WE LIVED ♪
I CAN'T BELIEVE WE'RE NOT GONNA
SEE EACH OTHER EVERY DAY.
I KNOW.
HEY.
ARE YOU STILL GONNA KEEP
THIS EXPENSIVE OFFICE?
♪ ...BACK ♪
♪ WE LIVED OUR CHANCE ♪
HI. WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE
SOME BEACHFRONT CONDOS?
NO, I JUST WANT CUPCAKES.
♪ I PACKED ♪
CRAP.
♪ OUR PAST ♪
RAWR!
WHAT'S WRONG?
MOMMY LOOKS WEIRD
WITHOUT HER MAKEUP.
(laughs)
ATTABOY, STAN.
BEAT IT.